Adding some links and clarifications to the contributing new documentation section (#1222)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/onboarding_resources/contributing/index.rst

.. contents::
   :local:

This document is designed to guide someone through their first time contributing 
documentation to Vivarium Research. This process can be confusing though, so please 
ask a friend on the team for help if needed or to clarify any questions!! 

Useful links
------------

Our documentation is written using reStructuredText and Sphinx. These are ways of writing 

> text to include formatting and structure to documents. The following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
text to include formatting and structure in documents. The following
```

links provide a description of how to structure your docs so they render
correctly.

- `reStructuredText reference <http://docutils.sourceforge.net/docs/user/rst/quickref.html>`_
- `Sphinx reference <http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/contents.html>`_.

Clone Vivarium Research and make a new environment
--------------------------------------------------

If you want to add or modify documentation, you'll first need to clone and
install this repository.  As always, you should do this in a clean environment.

Start by opening the terminal of your choosing. If you want more information on 
this, check out this :ref:`page on terminals <terminal_access>`. Then enter 
the commands below. 

::

   $> conda create -y --name=vivarium_research python=3.8

>    $> source activate vivarium_research

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   $> conda activate vivarium_research
```

I think this is the recommended way these days.

using `reStructuredText <http://docutils.sourceforge.net/docs/user/rst/quickref.html>`_
and `sphinx <http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/contents.html>`_.  Keep those
links handy for reference.

Use your favorite text editor for this part. If you want some recommendations on a text 
editor from your teammates, check out the text editor section in this page on 
:ref:`computing tools <computing_interfaces>`.

Reviewing your changes
----------------------

Once you've made your modifications, you can build them to see how they look. 
Often, people use Miniconda for building pages. More information can be found 
in this page for :ref:`computing tools <computing_interfaces>`.

Use these commands to build your page with edits: 

::

   (base) $> cd vivarium_research/docs
   (base) $> conda activate vivarium_research ##This line is only needed if vivarium_research has not been activated yet
   (vivarium_research) $> make html

This will create a new ``build`` sub-directory with the new documentation
rendered in html.  You can open the file `vivarium_research/docs/build/html/index.html` in your
browser to view your changes. 

> Note that some errors will appear as warnings in Miniconda, but will actually cause the build to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that any warnings in your terminal after the `make html` command will cause the build to 
```

This isn't a difference between local and GitHub per se, it's just that we have set up GitHub to fail on any warnings.
